Add `allow_shared_key_access` to `azurerm_storage_account` (#12276)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/storage_account.html.markdown

-> **NOTE:** At this time `allow_blob_public_access` is only supported in the Public Cloud, China Cloud, and US Government Cloud.

> * `allow_blob_public_access` - Indicates whether the storage account permits requests to be authorized with the account access key via Shared Key. If false, then all requests, including shared access signatures, must be authorized with Azure Active Directory (Azure AD). The default value is `true`.

Reviewer: Two things here, first the name of this needs updating and we also need to add an info box:

```suggestion
* `allow_shared_key_access` - Indicates whether the storage account permits requests to be authorized with the account access key via Shared Key. If false, then all requests, including shared access signatures, must be authorized with Azure Active Directory (Azure AD). The default value is `true`.

~> **Note:** Terraform uses Shared Key Authorisation to provision Storage Containers, Blobs and other items - when Shared Key Access is disabled, you will need to enable [the `storage_use_azuread` flag in the Provider block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs#storage_use_azuread) to use Azure AD for authentication, however not all Azure Storage services support Active Directory authentication.
```
